Add data disclaimer for pulumi ai (#2755)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/ai/_index.md

Pulumi AI is an experimental feature that lets you use natural-language prompts to generate Pulumi infrastructure-as-code programs in any language. This page is a web-based version of the open-source [Pulumi AI project](https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-ai).

{{% notes type="info" %}}

> The prompts you submit and the results may be used by Pulumi to improve the results of Pulumi AI in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submitted prompts and results may be used by Pulumi to improve Pulumi AI.
```
